	it?
	family.	urine,
	best	i	store?	will
	and	choose	go	in	principally	thereby	we	you
	about	any	can.	diy	friends	he	iggy	it	of	so	the	tommy:	wash;	what	you	you're
	a	all	and	balls	but	cholesterol	could	drugs,	for	full	grow	how	i'm	illegal.	interest	it'll	man	one	returned	spud:	that	them,	to	truth	vitamins;	we	well,	when	worry	you	you	younger,
	a	a	against	amytal	and	and	as	because	brats	by	case	choose	come	desperation	doesn't	enough.	finds	for	fucking	get	good	hassle.	heroin	i	i'll	i've	iggy	in	in.	is	it	it,	like,	much	on	over	renton:	sex.	sorry	state	take	the	the	then	thousand	to	too	up	victims,	was	watching	we	wear	went	what's	who	with	wouldn't	you	you	you	you're	you've	your
	1978.	a	a	about	after	all	all,	and	and	and	and	and	are	at	be	begbie:	bird:	but	buy	called	car,	changing,	choose	choose	civilization.	consumption	dead	did	do	don't.	eight	ever	feel	food,	for	forged	fucked-up	fucking	gaps	getting	going	got	had,	have	hello	hodge	how's	i	i	i'm	i've	if	iggy	ignored,	in	in	in	inside?	is	is,	it	it	it's	it.	know	look	misery	no	of;	once	or	people	reasons	renton:	security	show	socially	spud:	starter	still	sunday	telling	that's	the	the	the	them,	there	this	to	to	tomato	tommy:	trash	trying	up,	vanilla,	video	wankers.	was	washing	watermelons,	we	we	we're	weeks!	well,	what	what	what's	which	why	with	wondering	would	yet.	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you're	you're	you.	your	yourself.
	--	a	a	a	a	a	a	about	acceptable	again	aids	all	all	along	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	annoy	archie	are	at	back	be	bear	begbie:	behind	big	bought	buprenorphine,	but	but	by	by.	can't	cancer	career.	chance	changing.	choose	choose	choose	choose	choose	codeine,	compact	couch	culture	defined	diane:	difference.	do	do	don't	downgrading	easily	eminently	even	fabrics.	feel	final	flush	for	for	for	for	four	from	fucking	fucking	fucking	gail:	gemmill	get	girl,	going	going:	good	got	habit	happen.	have	haven't	health,	her,	his	housewives.	how	i	i	i	i	i	i'm	i'm	i'm	i've	ice	if	iggy	illegal.	important	in	in	in	in	in	inject	instance,	into	is	is	it	it	it	it	it	it's	it's	it,	it.	just	let's	long	lucozade;	me	morning.	national	not	of	off	on	one	one:	otherwise	paracetamol;	pishing	put	relationships	renton:	repayments.	same	selfish,	she	side	so	something	spawned	spud:	spud?	stash	steal,	stole	suite	swanney	taught	that	that	the	the	the	the	the	the	them	them,	then	then	there,	thing	this	time	to	to	to	to	tommy:	tommy:	tommy?	took	tree,	truth	unhappiness	up	up.	useless	veins.	video	video?	wake	wanted	was	was	washing	waste	water;	way,	we	we	we're	weeks	weeks.	well,	were	what	what	what	whatever.	when	which	who	will	wins,	with	with	world	would	would	years.	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you're	you've	you:	your	your	your	ziggy
	'it's	--	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	about	about	about	about	addiction.	again	again.	age	air	all	all	all	all	all,	also	an	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	answers,	appreciate	are	are	arse	as	at	away	ballistic?	basis	be	be	because	been	begbie:	begbie:	being	big	bills,	bottle	boy,	bucket	but	but	but	but	but	buy	by	by	c	can	can't	car,	cars,	casual	change,	changing,	chlormethiazole.	cholesterol,	choose	choose	choose	chose	clear	colonized	coming	consciousness.	cosmopolitan.	could	cream,	cyclozine,	decent	dental	diamorphine,	diane:	didn't	disc	do	do	do	do	domestic	don't	down	drug	earth,	edinburgh	else.	end	epileptics	even	everything.	false.	feces,	felt	final	fixed-	food	football	for	for	for	for	for	forget	fresh	from	fuck	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	future.	game	gear.	get	get	getting	getting	god,	going	going	good	good	got	got	got	guy's	had	hands.	hardly	hate	have	have	he	health	heap	her	here	hey,	hits	home,	how	how	human	i	i	i	i	i	i	i	i	i'll	i'm	i'm	i'm	i've	i've	i.	if	if	illegal.	in	in	in	in	indexed	injected	insisted	insurance.	into	into	is	is	is	is	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it's	it's	it's	it,	it,	it.	it.	john	keep	last	like	lizzy:	long-standing	low	ma,	me	mention	mix	mouth	my	night.	not	of	of	of,	off	on	on	on,	one	one	one	openers.	other	out	own	pensioners,	photocopied	pop,	proud	range	regular	relinquishing	renton:	renton:	renton:	respect	robbing,	scoring.	see	servile,	she	shite.	sick	six	so	so,	some	somewhere.	sorts	sprit-	spud:	spud:	spud:	stage	starter	state	station	stealing,	stinking	stole	stuffing	suited	support.	sweat	take	television,	temazepam,	that	that	that	that,	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	them	them,	them.	then	theory	there's	there,	they'd	think	this	this.	through	tin	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	toilet.	tommy,	tommy:	tommy:	tommy:	tommy:	tommy?	too,	traded	travel	trees,	truth	truthful	tub	unifying	up	up	up,	upon	us.	valium,	vein	vitamin	vomitus;	wake	want	wanted	was	was	was	washing	way	we	we're	we,	well	went	were	what	what	what	when	where	which	while	who	why	why	will	with	with	with	wonder	world	worry:	would	would	wrong.	yes,	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you're	your	yourself
	'gone'?	--	--	2:	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	about	about	absolutely	addict.	affairs	again.	ahead,	alcoholics,	all	all	all	all	all.	already	always	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	another,	any	anyway.	are	are	are	are	as	as	at	awash	awful:	bad	balls	bastards.	be	be	be?	because	because	been	bicarb	bile,	bird:	bored	bottle;	bound	boy:	but	but	buy	by,	came	can	can't	can't	change.	children,	choice	choose	choose	chose	christ,	cleaning	clearing	cold;	colonized	come	compact	could	count	crushing	cut	day	death	decide.'	dental	dextropropoxyphene,	diane:	diane:	diane:	did	didn't	disc	dissolve	diy,	do	do	do	do	do,	doesn't	don't	don't	down	drinking	drugs	ease	easy,	effete	electrical	embarrassment	employment	english,	enough.	every	explain	fair	family,	feel	final	final	five,	food,	for	forward	friends.	from	fuck	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	gail?	game	go	going	going	going	going	going	gone,	good	good	got	got	grand?	gutters,	habit.	had	hand,	hands?	happy	has	hate	have	have	have	he	he	he	health,	her	her	here	heroin?	hire	hit.	hits.	holding	home.	how	how	i	i	i	i	i	i	i	i	i'm	i've	insurance,	into	is	is	is	is	island	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it's	it's	it,	it.	job	junk	just	kick	known	later,	life.	like	like,	lizzy:	longing	looking	low,	luggage.	magnesia,	matter	me	me.	mind-numbing	missing.	money:	most	much	multiply	myself	never	nitrezepam,	no	not	of	of	of	of	of	of,	off	off	often	on	on	on	on	on,	one	one	one	one	one.	only	or	or	other	our	out,	over	paid	pathetic	people	people	piece	pleasure	pornography;	procured,	purchase	radge.	really	reasons?	relationship	reminded	renton:	renton:	renton:	renton:	renton:	renton:	replace	response	ride.	rotting	scams	scottish?	see	seem	service,	sewage	share,	she	shite	shoplifting,	shows,	sick	sincere	sneaky	so	social	sold	some	something	sooner	sort	soup,	spoon	spud,	spud:	spud:	spud:	spud:	spud:	squirt	start	station	stay	stick	still	streets	stupid.	suite,	sun?	swallow	swapped	system,	take	team	television;	telling	terminal	that	that	that	that	that	that's	that's	that?	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	them	them	then	they	they're	things	this	this	this	this	this:	three	ticket	time.	tins	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	told	tommy	tommy:	tommy:	tommy:	too	toured	trainspotting	treat	trying	understand,	unless	up	us	useless	useless	walks	wankers.	want	was	was	when	when	where	where?	with	with	worry	wretched,	year.	yes,	you	you	you	you
	a	actually	addiction,	adore	all	already.	and	are	are	are	arseholes.	at	bastard.	be	be	be?	big	bought	boy's	boy:	choose	choose	choose	choose	choosing	christmas,	combat	could	couple	cunt.	daft	day	dead.	dextromoramide	diane:	did	die.	do	do	do,	doing?	don't	dreaming	drop	drugs	electrical	ever	exemption,	family	fuck	fucker,	fucking	fucking	go	go	golf,	happen.	have	haven't	her	heroin	him.	hits	holding	holland	home,	i	i	i	i	it?	job.	junk	junky	just	just	keep	knew	know.	large	last	leave;	lie	life...	like	like	like,	looking	lot	low	lowest	luggage,	machines,	make	matching	mattress;	me	me	me,	mean,	might	miserable	misery	mistake.	money:	more	mortgage	mother,	mouth.	much	much.	my	my	myself,	need	never	nightmare.	no	no	no,	not	not	not.	of	of	of	of	of;	off	off	old	on	on	on	one	one	one	one.	only	only	opium	or	orgasm	others	our	out	out	out.	over,	own	pain,	park,	patients,	pentazocine,	people	people	pethidine,	pick	pished.	planning	pop	pop.	preparation.	problem	propelling	punter	purulent	quite	read	really	reasons.	record?	renton:	renton:	renton:	renton:	renton:	returned	rob	room	ruled	same	scored	scottish.	scum	see	senseless.	sex?	shat	she	she	shite	shite,	shop,	shows,	sick	sick.	since	sitting	smoke	so	sodium	some	some	something	sorry,	sort	soup,	source	speed,	straight	struggle.	stupid.	suddenly	sweaters,	tax	television,	tell	ten	than	that	that	that	that	that	that's	that's	that?	the	the	the	the	the	these	they	they'd	thief.	thing	things	think?	this	this	three-piece	ticket.	time	tins	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	told	took	towards	transit
	day	it?	jerking	job,	joy	junk	junk.	just	just	just	just	kind	know,	lady.	last	last	least,	leisure	let's	life.	life.	like	like	machine,	made	make	mark.	matter	matter	maybe	me	me	me,	mean	mean,	methadone,	milk	mineral	miserable,	misery,	more	morphine,	mortgage,	motherfucker,	moving	much	much.	mushroom	my	my	my	myself	nalbuphine,	need	need	nice,	night.	nine	no	no	no	nor	not	not	not	not	nowhere	of	of	of	of	of	of	offer	on	on	one	opener,	or	or	our	our	ourselves	out	outflow.	pension,	person,	phenobarbitone,	physical	pile	plam	players,	points	pop	pop.	post	prescriptions,	properly.	rocks,	score,	sex.	shag	she	six	six	sniff	they	thing.	tin	to	to	to
	journey	junk	junk	junk	junky	laugh,	leave	leisurewear,	let's	life.	life:	mark.	me.	mean	merely	might	million	much	music	my	my	near	need	need:	no	no,	not	not	nothing	obliged	of	of	of
