	'It's	'gone'?	--	--	--	--	1978.	2:	AIDS	Absolutely	After	And	And	And	Archie	At	BEGBIE:	BEGBIE:	BEGBIE:	BEGBIE:	BOY:	BOY:	Because	Because	Big	Boy,	But	But	Buy	C	Can't	Casual	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Choose	Christ,	Christmas,	Cosmopolitan.	DIANE:	DIANE:	DIANE:	DIANE:	DIANE:	DIANE:	DIY	DIY,	Do	Doesn't	Edinburgh	English,	For	For	Fuck	GAIL:	Gail?	Gemmill	Go	God,	Got	Got	Got	He	Health	Hello	Hey,	Hodge	Holding	Holland	How	How's	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I'll	I'll	I'm	I'm	I'm	I'm	I'm	I'm	I'm	I'm	I'm	I've	I've	I've	I've	I've	I've	I.	If	Iggy	Iggy	Iggy	Iggy	In	It	It'll	It's	It's	It's	John	Just	Just	Keep	LIZZY:	LIZZY:	Let's	Lucozade;	MAN	Magnesia,	Mark.	Mark.	Milk	National	No	No	No,	No,	Nor	Not	One	One:	Opium	Otherwise	Our	People	Pile	Pop	Pop	Pop,	Pop.	Pop.	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	RENTON:	Relinquishing	Returned	SICK	SICK	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	SPUD:	Scottish.	Scottish?	Service,	Sex.	Shag	She	She	Sick	Six	Six	Six	Sneaky	So	So	So	So	So,	Some	Some	Sooner	Spud,	Spud?	Stage	Sunday	Swanney	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	TOMMY:	Take	Take	That's	The	The	The	The	The	The	There	They'd	They're	This	This	To	To	Tommy	Tommy,	Tommy?	Tommy?	Trainspotting	Useless	Valium,	Vitamin	Wake	We	We	We	We	We're	We,	Well,	Well,	Went	What	What	What	Whatever.	When	When	Where	Where	Where?	Who	Yes,	Yes,	You	You	You	You	You	You	You	You're	Ziggy	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	about	about	about	about	about	about	about	about	about	acceptable	actually	addict.	addiction,	addiction.	adore	affairs	again	again	again.	again.	against	age	ahead,	air	alcoholics,	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all,	all,	all.	along	already	already.	also	always	amytal	an	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	annoy	another,	answers,	any	any	anyway.	appreciate	are	are	are	are	are	are	are	are	are	are	are	arse	arseholes.	as	as	as	as	at	at	at	at	awash	away	awful:	back	bad	ballistic?	balls	balls	basis	bastard.	bastards.	be	be	be	be	be	be	be	be	be?	be?	bear	because	because	been	been	behind	being	best	bicarb	big	big	bile,	bills,	bird:	bird:	bored	bottle	bottle;	bought	bought	bound	boy's	brats	bucket	buprenorphine,	but	but	but	but	but	but	but	but	but	buy	buy	by	by	by	by	by,	by.	called	came	can	can	can't	can't	can't	can.	cancer	car,	car,	career.	cars,	case	chance	change,	change.	changing,	changing,	changing.	children,	chlormethiazole.	choice	cholesterol	cholesterol,	choose	choosing	chose	chose	civilization.	cleaning	clear	clearing	codeine,	cold;	colonized	colonized	combat	come	come	coming	compact	compact	consciousness.	consumption	couch	could	could	could	could	count	couple	cream,	crushing	culture	cunt.	cut	cyclozine,	daft	day	day	day	dead	dead.	death	decent	decide.'	defined	dental	dental	desperation	dextromoramide	dextropropoxyphene,	diamorphine,	did	did	did	didn't	didn't	die.	difference.	disc	disc	dissolve	do	do	do	do	do	do	do	do	do	do	do	do	do,	do,	doesn't	doing?	domestic	don't	don't	don't	don't	don't	don't.	down	down	downgrading	dreaming	drinking	drop	drug	drugs	drugs	drugs,	earth,	ease	easily	easy,	effete	eight	electrical	electrical	else.	embarrassment	eminently	employment	end	enough.	enough.	epileptics	even	even	ever	ever	every	everything.	exemption,	explain	fabrics.	fair	false.	family	family,	family.	feces,	feel	feel	feel	felt	final	final	final	final	finds	five,	fixed-	flush	food	food,	food,	football	for	for	for	for	for	for	for	for	for	for	for	forged	forget	forward	four	fresh	friends	friends.	from	from	from	fuck	fuck	fucked-up	fucker,	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	fucking	full	future.	game	game	gaps	gear.	get	get	get	get	getting	getting	getting	girl,	go	go	go	going	going	going	going	going	going	going	going	going	going:	golf,	gone,	good	good	good	good	good	good	got	got	got	got	grand?	grow	gutters,	guy's	habit	habit.	had	had	had,	hand,	hands.	hands?	happen.	happen.	happy	hardly	has	hassle.	hate	hate	have	have	have	have	have	have	have	have	haven't	haven't	he	he	he	he	health,	health,	heap	her	her	her	her	her,	here	here	heroin	heroin	heroin?	him.	hire	his	hit.	hits	hits	hits.	holding	home,	home,	home.	housewives.	how	how	how	how	how	human	ice	if	if	if	ignored,	illegal.	illegal.	illegal.	important	in	in	in	in	in	in	in	in	in	in	in	in	in	in.	indexed	inject	injected	inside?	insisted	instance,	insurance,	insurance.	interest	into	into	into	into	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is,	island	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it's	it's	it's	it's	it's	it,	it,	it,	it,	it,	it.	it.	it.	it.	it.	it?	it?	it?	jerking	job	job,	job.	journey	joy	junk	junk	junk	junk	junk	junk	junk.	junky	junky	just	just	just	just	just	just	keep	kick	kind	knew	know	know,	know.	known	lady.	large	last	last	last	last	later,	laugh,	least,	leave	leave;	leisure	leisurewear,	let's	let's	lie	life.	life.	life.	life.	life...	life:	like	like	like	like	like	like	like,	like,	like,	long	long-standing	longing	look	looking	looking	lot	low	low	low,	lowest	luggage,	luggage.	ma,	machine,	machines,	made	make	make	matching	matter	matter	matter	mattress;	maybe	me	me	me	me	me	me	me	me,	me,	me.	me.	mean	mean	mean,	mean,	mention	merely	methadone,	might	might	million	mind-numbing	mineral	miserable	miserable,	misery	misery	misery,	missing.	mistake.	mix	money:	money:	more	more	morning.	morphine,	mortgage	mortgage,	most	mother,	motherfucker,	mouth	mouth.	moving	much	much	much	much	much	much.	much.	multiply	mushroom	music	my	my	my	my	my	my	my	my	myself	myself	myself,	nalbuphine,	near	need	need	need	need	need:	never	never	nice,	night.	night.	nightmare.	nine	nitrezepam,	no	no	no	no	no	no	not	not	not	not	not	not	not	not	not	not	not.	nothing	nowhere	obliged	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of,	of,	of;	of;	off	off	off	off	off	off	offer	often	old	on	on	on	on	on	on	on	on	on	on	on	on	on	on,	on,	once	one	one	one	one	one	one	one	one	one	one	one	one	one.	one.	only	only	only	opener,	openers.	or	or	or	or	or	or	orgasm	other	other	others	our	our	our	ourselves	out	out	out	out	out,	out.	outflow.	over	over	over,	own	own	paid	pain,	paracetamol;	park,	pathetic	patients,	pension,	pensioners,	pentazocine,	people	people	people	people	person,	pethidine,	phenobarbitone,	photocopied	physical	pick	piece	pished.	pishing	plam	planning	players,	pleasure	points	pornography;	post	preparation.	prescriptions,	principally	problem	procured,	propelling	properly.	proud	punter	purchase	purulent	put	quite	radge.	range	read	really	really	reasons	reasons.	reasons?	record?	regular	relationship	relationships	reminded	repayments.	replace	respect	response	returned	ride.	rob	robbing,	rocks,	room	rotting	ruled	same	same	scams	score,	scored	scoring.	scum	security	see	see	see	seem	selfish,	senseless.	servile,	sewage	sex.	sex?	share,	shat	she	she	she	she	shite	shite	shite,	shite.	shop,	shoplifting,	show	shows,	shows,	sick.	side	since	sincere	sitting	smoke	sniff	so	social	socially	sodium	sold	some	some	something	something	something	somewhere.	sorry	sorry,	sort	sort	sorts	soup,	soup,	source	spawned	speed,	spoon	sprit-	squirt	start	starter	starter	stash	state	state	station	station	stay	steal,	stealing,	stick	still	still	stinking	stole	stole	store?	straight	streets	struggle.	stuffing	stupid.	stupid.	suddenly	suite	suite,	suited	sun?	support.	swallow	swapped	sweat	sweaters,	system,	take	taught	tax	team	television,	television,	television;	tell	telling	telling	temazepam,	ten	terminal	than	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	that's	that's	that's	that's	that,	that?	that?	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	them	them	them	them	them,	them,	them,	them,	them.	then	then	then	then	then	theory	there's	there,	there,	thereby	these	they	they	they	they'd	thief.	thing	thing	thing.	things	things	think	think?	this	this	this	this	this	this	this	this.	this:	thousand	three	three-piece	through	ticket	ticket.	time	time	time.	tin	tin	tins	tins	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	toilet.	told	told	tomato	too	too	too,	took	took	toured	towards	traded	transit	trash	travel	treat	tree,	trees,	truth	truth	truth	truthful	trying	trying	tub	understand,	unhappiness	unifying	unless	up	up	up	up	up	up,	up,	up.	upon	urine,	us	us.	useless	useless	vanilla,	vein	veins.	victims,	video	video	video?	vitamins;	vomitus;	wake	walks	wankers.	wankers.	want	want	wanted	wanted	was	was	was	was	was	was	was	was	was	wash;	washing	washing	washing	waste	watching	water;	watermelons,	way	way,	we	we	we	we	we're	we're	wear	weeks	weeks!	weeks.	well	well,	went	were	were	what	what	what	what	what	what	what's	what's	when	when	when	which	which	which	while	who	who	why	why	why	will	will	will	wins,	with	with	with	with	with	with	with	with	with	wonder	wondering	world	world	worry	worry	worry:	would	would	would	would	would	wouldn't	wretched,	wrong.	year.	years.	yet.	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you're	you're	you're	you're	you're	you've	you've	you.	you:	younger,	your	your	your	your	your	your	yourself	yourself.