	"Hacker	"No,	"Teenager	"This	10	1950's	1986	3	7,	8,	All	And	Another	Arrested	Arrested	Bank	But	Computer	Conscience	Crime	Damn	Damn	Damn	Damn	Damn	Did	Hacker	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I	I'm	I'm	I'm	I've	I've	If	Issue	It	January	Mentor	Mentor	Mine	Ms.	My	My	My	Not	One,	Or	Or	Or	Phile	Probably	Scandal",	Smith,	Tampering"...	The	The	The	The	The	They're	They're	They're	They're	They're	This	Tying	Volume	Wait	We	We	We	We	We've	Written	Yes,	You	You	You	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	a	addict's	after	after	after	after	again.	again...	alike.	alike.	alike.	alike.	alike.	alike...	alike...	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all	all,	all...	all...	already	am	am	am	an	an	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	and	apathetic.	are	arrest...	ass	ass...	at	atomic	baby	baud.	be	be	beauty	because	because	been	been	begins	behind	believe	belong..."	bet	bias...	bits	board	bombs,	bores	build	but	but	by	by	by	by	by	by	call	call	call	call	can't	caught	cheat,	color,	computer.	cool.	copied	could	crap	crime	crime	crime	criminal.	criminals.	criminals.	criminals.	criminals.	criminals.	curiosity.	day-to-day	desert.	did	did	did	didn't	dirt-cheap	discovery	does	does	doesn't	doesn't	dominated	door	drops	electron	electronic	enter	even	ever	ever	everyone	exist	existing	explain	explore...	eyes	feels	few	few	fifteenth	following	food	for	for	for	for	for.	forces	forgive	found	found	found.	fraction.	from	from	games.	gluttons,	good,	got	hacker,	hacker,	hacker?	had	happened...	have	he	head..."	hear	here...	here...	heroin	high	high	him	him,	him?	how	hungered	if	if	ignored	in	in	in	in	in	incompetencies	individual,	ing	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	is	it	it	it	it	it	it	it	it's	it's	it's	it.	it.	it...	judging	junior	kid.	kid.	kid.	kids,	kids.	know	know	knowledge...	let	lie	like	like	like	like	like.	line	line	listened	look	look	made	made	make	make	makes	manifesto.	may	may	may	me	me...	me...	me...	meat	met	mistake,	molded	most	murder,	my	my	my	my	my	nationality,	never	never	never	never	not	now...	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	of	on	one	opened	or	or	other	our	our	out,	outsmarting	over	own	papers.	paying	people	phone	phone	play	pre-chewed	profiteering	psychology	pulse	pupils,	reduce	refuge	religious	run	rushing	sadists,	say	school	school.	school...	screwed	second,	seek	sent	service	shaped	shortly	shouldn't	show	skin	slip	smart	smarter	something	something	sought...	spoon-fed	steak...	stop	stop	switch,	take	talked	tasteless.	teach	teach	teachers	teaching	technobrain,	than	that	that	that	that	that	that	that	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	the	them	them,	them,	then	they	they	they	think,	thinks	this	this	this	this	this	those	threatened	three-piece	through	through	through	tick,	time	to	to	to	to	to	to	to	to.	today,	today.	try	underachiever.	understand	up	up.	us	us	us	us	us	us	us	us	us	use	veins,	wage	want	wars,	was	wasn't	water	we	we're	we're	we're	we've	were	what	what	what	what	what	what	what	when	where	will	will-	with	without	without	without	without	wonder	work.	world	world	world	world...	world...	written	yet	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you	you,	you,	your	your